1.Talcum Baby Powder
Our talc powder lawyers also discuss the expected settlement amounts victims can expect for compensation and when these lawsuits should resolve. This page is about the class action talcum powder lawsuit. Our attorneys provide the latest news and updates in the talcum powder litigation. 
If you have a baby powder lawsuit to file, don't delay.  You may risk missing out on a settlement payout or jury verdict. Call our attorneys today at 888-888-8888 or fill out his quick and free case evaluation form.

2. Camp Lejeune -
If you served at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune you may have had contact with contaminants in the drinking water there. Scientific and medical evidence has shown an association between exposure to these contaminants during military service and development of certain diseases later on. If you have qualifying service at Camp Lejeune and a current diagnosis of one of the conditions listed below, you may be able to get disability benefits.

3.Roundup Lawsuit -
Roundup weed killer is used for both commercial and personal use. You’ve probably used a Roundup product at least once to kill pesky weeds in your yard or garden.

While it’s effective, some studies have shown chemicals within the product may cause cancer. If you’ve been diagnosed with cancer because of or related to Roundup use, you may be able to file a lawsuit against Bayer, Roundup’s current owner, for compensation. What follows is an update on where cases stand today and what you can do to protect yourself.

4.Elmiron -
Users of this medication should be aware of the pending Elmiron lawsuits and of the company’s potential liability. Those whose vision was impacted may be able to pursue a product liability claim to receive compensation.
Elmiron is a drug manufactured by Janssen Pharmaceuticals that is used to treat interstitial cystitis, a chronic condition affecting the bladder. Thousands of Elmiron users have filed lawsuits alleging that exposure to the drug has caused damage to the retina, affecting their vision.

5. Hernia Mesh -
A hernia mesh lawsuit is a legal claim against the mesh manufacturer by a patient who suffered complications and injuries as a result of mesh failure. The lawsuits allege that the implant devices were defectively designed and that the manufacturers failed to warn patients adequately of known and foreseeable risks and side effects.

6.TVM -
TVM is used to reinforce the vaginal wall to treat POP and support the urethra or bladder neck for the repair of SUI. The lawsuits allege that the manufacturers failed to adequately test their TVM products. It is also alleged that the manufacturers failed to investigate the complications associated with their products and failed to issue appropriate warnings about the risks associated with their use.

7.3M EARPLUG LAWSUIT -
Thousands of veterans and current military service members may be entitled to receive financial compensation in the 3M earplug lawsuit for hearing loss and tinnitus caused by defective earplugs.
Our lawyers are handling 3M earplug lawsuits in all 50 states. If you have a potential claim, do not delay. Call us at 888-888-8888.

8. Baby Formula NEC-
The basis for these baby formula lawsuits is that research has long shown that cow milk is associated with NEC and the manufacturers of Similac and Enfamil should have warned doctors and parents of the risks.